tiflash: update tiflash upgrade doc (#2309)
pingcap/docs: reference/tiflash/upgrade.md

# Upgrade TiFlash Nodes

> Currently, TiFlash does not support upgrading using `tiup cluster upgrade`. To upgrade TiFlash, take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you cannot upgrade TiFlash by running the `tiup cluster upgrade` command. Instead, take the following steps to upgrade TiFlash:
```

> 1. Refer to [Scale in a TiFlash node](/how-to/scale/with-tiup.md#sclale-in-a-tiflash-node), and scale in all the nodes in TiFlash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Refer to [Scale in a TiFlash node](/how-to/scale/with-tiup.md#sclale-in-a-tiflash-node), and scale in all the TiFlash nodes.
```
